Drop support for Python 3.8 and replace pkg_resources with importlib.resources (#81)
eduNEXT/eox-theming: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [v9.0.0](https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-theming/compare/v8.1.0...v9.0.0) - (2025-02-04)

### Changed

> * Remove python 3.8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove support for python 3.8
```

> * pkg_resources is deprecated, and its recommended replacement, importlib.resources, is only fully available in Python 3.9+.

Reviewer: I don't think this message reflects the change made in this version. It should be something like:
```suggestion
* Replaced deprecated `pkg_resources` APIs with `importlib.resources` and `importlib.metadata` to ensure compatibility with newer Django and Python versions.
```

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [v9.0.0](https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-theming/compare/v8.1.0...v9.0.0) - (2025-02-04)

### Changed

> * Remove support for python 3.8

Reviewer: I think we could improve this writting:

* Removed support for Python 3.8.
* Replaced deprecated `pkg_resources` APIs with `importlib.resources` and `importlib.metadata` to ensure compatibility with newer Django and Python versions.
* Starting with this version, this package is no longer compatible with releases older than Redwood.

Author: Done
